samples: peripheral_hids_mouse: Fix Cmake warning with NRF_RPC (#10760)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/peripheral_hids_mouse/README.rst

Building and running
********************

> To build this sample with :ref:`lib_nrf_rpc` on `nrf5340dk`, set ``OVERLAY_CONFIG`` to :file:`overlay-nrf_rpc.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build this sample with the :ref:`nrf_rpc_ipc` library on the nRF5340 DK, set :makevar:`OVERLAY_CONFIG` option to the :file:`overlay-nrf_rpc.conf` file.
```

> To build this sample with the :ref:`nrf_rpc_ipc` library on the nRF5340 DK, set :makevar:`OVERLAY_CONFIG` option to the :file:`overlay-nrf_rpc.conf` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build this sample with the :ref:`nrf_rpc_ipc_readme` library on the nRF5340 DK, set :makevar:`OVERLAY_CONFIG` option to the :file:`overlay-nrf_rpc.conf` file.
```

Building and running
********************

> To build this sample with :ref:`lib_nrf_rpc` on `nrf5340dk`, set ``OVERLAY_CONFIG`` to :file:`overlay-nrf_rpc.conf`.

Reviewer 2: Could you put console code block with example command call for it under this line?
